Date: Thursday, 2018.8.9
1802051275 Qi Linfeng, 1500012829 Chen Yanqi
Game Name: SIM
Requirments: 
	   1.If you just want to run it: Python3
	   2.If you'd like to run the solver to create the databases yourself(actually we have 
	   already provide them for you): An integrated development environment that supports 
	   the C++11 standard.
Documents description:
	   1.python files
			sim.py:
			settings.py: settings of the game
			game_functions.py:
	   2.databases
			values.txt: a values list(WIN or LOSE)
			remt.txt: a remotenesses list(how many steps to a primitive of the game)
			hash: a 15-bit ternary number to an index of other two databases
	   3.img: two images of the buttons
	   4.solver: C++ files for solving the Sim. If you want to generate database on your own, after
	     running the main.cpp, please copy all new database files to folder "databases" mentioned 
	     above.
	   5.other files: libs of python and files created by Pycharm
How to generate database:
     1.Just compile and run /solver/main.cpp, the compiler need C++11 support.
How we made it:
	   1. We use c++ to strongly solve the game ande create databases. 
	   2. We use python to read the databases and implement a GUI.
How to start: 
	   1.Just run "sim.py" then you can enjoy the game(make sure you have installed Python3)
	   2.We privide two modes for you to play with your friends or play against the computer;
		 you can click "pve" or "pvp" buttons to start the game.
	   3.If you want to restart the game or change mode, just click "pvp" or "pve" button again.
	   4.You can click the checkbox to get hints. 
		 1)Green line means if you choose it, you should win. Conversely, red means if you choose
		   it, you should lose.
		 2)You can see the closest distance to victory or the furthest distance from failure.
		 3)When your cursor enters an uncolored line, you will see what the result should be if
		   you choose it.
	   5.You can click "quit" button to quit the game if you want.
Rules: 
	   1.Two players take turns coloring any uncolored lines. One player colors in one color,
		 and the other colors in another color.
	   2.Each player should try to avoid the creation of a triangle made solely of their color.
         (only triangles with the dots as corners count;intersections of lines arenot relevant)
     3.The player who completes such a triangle loses immediately.
	   
